Report plots docs (#75)
nf-core/crisprseq: docs/output/targeted.md

</details>

### Output plots

<details markdown="1">
<summary>Output files</summary>

- `plots/`
  - `*_accumulative.html`: Interactive barplot showing the accumulative deletions and insertions. x-axis represents the reference position. y-axis represents the percentage of reads containing a deletion or insertion in that position.
    ![Test sample hCas9-AAVS1-a accumulative edition plot](../images/hCas9-AAVS1-a_accumulative.png)
  - `*_delAlleles_plot.png`: Image showing the most common deletions found. x-axis represents the position. y-axis indicates the percentage in which the plotted deletion is observed (in respect of all deletions), followed by the length of the deletion. Dashes `-` indicate a deleted base.
    ![Test sample hCas9-AAVS1-a deletion alleles plot](../images/hCas9-AAVS1-a_delAlleles_plot.png)

>   - `*_Deletions.html`: Interactive barplot showing the percentage of reads showing a deltion for each position and the deletion sizes. The left panel represents the percentage of reads having a deletion for each position (similar to `*_accumulative.html`). The right panel shows the number of deletions found relative to their size. The deleted sequences found are shown coloured in the stacked barplot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `*_Deletions.html`: Interactive barplot showing the percentage of reads showing a deletion for each position and the deletion sizes. The left panel represents the percentage of reads having a deletion for each position (similar to `*_accumulative.html`). The right panel shows the number of deletions found relative to their size. The deleted sequences found are shown coloured in the stacked barplot.
```

    ![Test sample hCas9-AAVS1-a deletions plot](../images/hCas9-AAVS1-a_Deletions.png)

>   - `*_Insertions.html`: Interactive barplot showing the percentage of reads showing an insertion for each position and the intertion sizes. The left panel represents the percentage of reads having an insertion for each position (similar to `*_accumulative.html`). The right panel shows the number of insertions found relative to their size. The inserted sequences found are shown coloured in the stacked barplot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `*_Insertions.html`: Interactive barplot showing the percentage of reads showing an insertion for each position as well as the insertion sizes. The left panel represents the percentage of reads having an insertion for each position (similar to `*_accumulative.html`). The right panel shows the number of insertions found relative to their size. The inserted sequences found are shown coloured in the stacked barplot.
```

    ![Test sample hCas9-AAVS1-a insertions plot](../images/hCas9-AAVS1-a_Insertions.png)
  - `*_subs-perc_plot_LOGO.png`: LOGO showing the most represented nucleotide and its percentage (y-axis) for protospacer positions. PAM sequence is highlighted in yellow.
    ![Test sample hCas9-AAVS1-a substitutions LOGO](../images/hCas9-AAVS1-a_subs-perc_plot_LOGO.png)

>   - `*_subs-perc_plot.png`: Barplot showing the most represented nucleotide and it's percentage (y-axis and bar tags) for +/-25 positions surrounding the cut site. The protospacer sequence is highlighted by writing the sequence base in the y axis. Bases whose percentage is higher than 90% are not colored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `*_subs-perc_plot.png`: Barplot showing the most represented nucleotide and its percentage (y-axis and bar tags) for +/-25 positions surrounding the cut site. The protospacer sequence is highlighted by writing the sequence base in the y axis. Bases whose percentage is higher than 90% are not colored.
```
